Update to v0.3.1

Description:
------------
In this up-date I moved away from the practice of automatically converting all data to HDF5. For daily usage it is better to have the ASCII files. However, I think that HDF5 a good thing for the project (examples could be archiving, where also other formats like tar-balls might be helpful, and converting data on-demand whenever more performant I/O is required).
This update also adds some tools abd fixes some bugs.

Included commits:
-----------------
- 895edbc: Add short versions of SGE flags.
- dd56f08: Add functionality to boost two spatial parts of a MCTDHB wave function in opposite directions; fix a bug in `GaussianTrap`.
- 15543b0: Add system with two gaussian wells.
- 2e162ce: Add general com operator to single-species systems.
- cf11e99: Fix `create_operator functions`.
- 560d192: Add `create_gaussian_potential_operator()` function -> easier to create a second well.
- e7a2c84: Automatically generate labels when plotting more than one curve.
- 3d41ebb: Fix bug in `read_expval`.
- 928373e: Allow to plot multiple energy/entropy curves at once, probably needs some labelling.
- 9ace881: Fix bug in one-body potential operator for gaussian trap.
- 12ade7b: Rename default files for energy, gpop and natpop plotting scripts.
- b4aec8b: Fix two little bugs (parameters and `mb_operator`).
- c2c8e69: Fix submission of parameter sets.
- 53d2187: Rename `many_body` to `mb` for brevity.
- d0de6d0: Rename some task entries; fix `harmonic_trap_scan.py` example.
- 40dcc95: Disable data conversion for all tasks.
- c791c01: Fix qsub for `SimulationSet`.
